the war began
we are in it absolutely unarmed director
fury
i think it's time
land to be worked you want to bring me back to
the world is trying to save him
doctor we need you and if i say no i
to persuade you
what are you asking me to do
called the avenger initiatives
I thought that I didn’t pass from more.
it says unpredictable
narcissists would be and execute orders
not in my style but style and everything is important to you
remind us who wears a suit with
trinkets
you must be desperate
that called so miserable creatures on
my defense
mercy i'm deep in very
we are not a team
we are a time bomb
we were not prepared for this
guys party is moving to you
I promise there will be no stress no surprises
you really would have surrendered anger what's the secret
soft jazz playing on the blanks and over everything
laughing
when funny